you just a mother be happy for wampie
eyes they call me la Isla catches that
you with me Polly what is going
on I'm strapped and walk into this
tutorial today i want to show you how to
sync this cinema 4d part to your After
Effects part um don't wonder i'm going
to use Sony Vegas but in my opinion this
program is much easier to handle for
sinking armed with cinema 4d so at first
what you're going to do you're just
gonna find out the drop of your song I
normally usually put it on a tee frames
um what else you should need to do is
like going you're in the settings of
cinema 4d input on the frame rate on 30
or like like me 29.97 as well in your
after effects or Sony Vegas then it also
needs to be here on 29.97 or 30 whatever
you're going to do do the same so um
yeah what now at first how I always
start putting the drop on 80 frames on
the good thing about Sony Vegas you can
see here the seconds but as well the
frames which you can't do enough the
facts because like I don't know if you
can but in my after facts like I have
cs4 it's pretty old i think but um you
might also always use CC i think i don't
know what you're using but ok i can see
the frames um if i set up my framerate
so i know at 80 frame so that's my job
so i can also if in cinema 4d my frame
rate is the same like in my video
program um I know when here at 80 French
there's the drop in cinema 4d they ask
the drop and on 80 frames as well so put
it there like keyframe do your camera
movement stuff and yeah that's it this
is how you quite sink um so just need to
set up the frame rates and then just
check on what frame is my drop so as you
can see here in this intro here's the
second rope at 157 frames so to do this
I'm going on 157 frames put there no no
no 10 frames in front of it like on 147
I'm putting frame and then on 157
57-year I'm going to make my camera
movement something like this maybe
whatever just figure some stuff out so
what we just did is we sent it to the
drop and we also synced it to the second
drop arm and to make this quite nicer I
have one small tip for you as you can
see the camera movement is going like
pretty slow and at the drop there's
nothing that's not it nothing special to
do it a bit different you can go on like
30 or 40 frames make a keyframe in your
camera movement and put a 10 frames and
front off your drop so just drag it
there you can also do this with F curve
but I don't like this as much as this so
yeah it's going to be super slow at at
the beginning and then at the drop it's
going to explode and this is what I
pretty much like about cinema 4d um the
dynamic stuff it's like moving with the
camera it's like yeah pretty nice
whatever so I hope I could help me with
this tutorial it's like that simple you
just read the frames and with the same
frame rate you can do quite the same in
cinema 4d so just remember set up the
same frame rate in both programs cinema
4d and after effects or Sony Vegas
whatever you're using yeah so that's it
thank you for watching and see on the
next tutorial or intro and goodbye